a nation of the commission of national selections confirms sergio
batista as technical director of the national team
we present the profile of who will direct the paths of the selection
Argentina for the 2011 Copa America and the 2014 Brazil World Cup
Perez and Daniel Batista is a former Argentine soccer player and technical director
as players make up the templates of junior Argentines
fiol from a hotel and 85
river chicago equity are all filtered from japan and all boys
in Argentine juniors he was part of the squad that raised the Copa Libertadores and
the inter-American min 85
his good performance as a central midfielder earned him the call to the
national team and with which was changed in mexico 86 did change in
italy 90
his career as a DJ started his parties high when he was still a player
he had experiences in all boys of that sight of uruguay argentinos union
Machined chassis and we did it
also for that reason before the field of another world champion oscar ruggeri in san
lorenzo from 2005 to 2006
in 2008 he was summoned to direct the Argentina U-20 team and then to
sub 23 that obtained the golden medal that do not have indicated beijin 2008
after a successful season in 2009 their managers were eliminated
surprisingly the world cup of egypt
one of the greatest benefits of recent years were selected
custom make change in this contest
even in the face of adversity, the appointment showed its strength and determination and
presented the resignation after the removal of Maradona as technician of
the major batista selection was appointed interim technician for later
on November 2, 2010 to be officially confirmed as technician of the
Argentina team up to the 2014 World Cup in Brazil